Add install procedures for IoP (#3785)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-the-team-insights-on-prem-advisor-engine-in-a-disconnected-environment.adoc

[id="installing-the-team-insights-on-prem-advisor-engine-in-a-disconnected-environment"]
= Installing the {Team} Insights On-Prem advisor engine 

> Use this procedure if your {ProjectServer} has access to the {Team} container registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pull the {Team} Insights On-Prem advisor engine from the {Team} container registry if your {ProjectServer} has access to the registry. 
```

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure you have access to Podman and {foreman-installer}.

Author: Probably not necessary now that I look at it again. We have documentation elsewhere regarding logging in with Podman that doesn't have this as a prerequisite.

> * Ensure you have access to Podman and {foreman-installer}.

Reviewer: That sounds better. Also in the other procedures.
